Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Easy. boy.
What do you expect?
They're savages.
One lot steals a goat from another lot.
before you know it
they're ripping each other to pieces.
l've never seen wildlings do a thing like this.
l never seen a thing like this.
not ever in my life.
How close did you get?
- Close as any man would.
- We should head back to the Wall.
Do the dead frighten you?
Our orders were to track the wildlings.
We tracked them.
They won't trouble us no more.
You don't think he'll ask us how they died?
Get back on your horse.
Whatever did it to them
could do it to us.
They even killed the children.
lt's a good thing we're not children.
You want to run away south.
run away.
Of course.
they will behead you as a deserter.
lf l don't catch you first.
Get back on your horse.
l won't say it again.
Your dead men seem
to have moved camp.
They were here.
See where they went.
What is it?
lt's...
Go on. Father's watching.
And your mother.
Fine work. as always.
Well done.
Thank you.
l love the detail that you've managed
to get in these corners.
Quite beautiful.
The stitching...
Oh. no. no. no. This stitch is very...
- lt's beautiful.
- Thank you.
And which one of you
was a marksman at ten?
Keep practicing. Bran.
Go on.
Don't think too much. Bran.
Relax your bow arm.
- Quick. Bran!
- Faster.
Lord Stark!
My lady.
A guardsman just rode in from the hills.
They've captured a deserter
from the Night's Watch.
Get the lads to saddle their horses.
Do you have to?
He swore an oath. Cat.
Law is law. my lady.
Tell Bran he's coming too.
Ned.
Ten is too young
to see such things.
He won't be a boy forever.
And winter is coming.
Good lad. go run back and get the rest.
White walkers.
l saw the white walkers.
The white walkers. l saw them.
l know l broke my oath.
And l know l'm a deserter.
l should have gone back to the Wall
and warned them. but...
l saw what l saw.
l saw the white walkers.
People need to know.
lf you can get word to my family...
tell them l'm no coward.
Tell them l'm sorry.
Forgive me. Lord.
ln the name of Robert
of the House Baratheon.
- the first of his name...
- Don't look away.
- ..King of the Andals and the First Men...
- Father will know if you do.
..Lord of the Seven Kingdoms
and protector of the realm.
l. Eddard of the House Stark.
Lord of Winterfell
and Warden of the North.
sentence you to die.
You did well.
You understand why l did it?
Jon said he was a deserter.
But do you understand
why l had to kill him?
"Our way is the old way"?
The man who passes the sentence
should swing the sword.
ls it true he saw the white walkers?
The white walkers have been gone
for thousands of years.
So he was lying?
A madman sees what he sees.
What is it?
Mountain lion?
There are no mountain lions
in these woods.
lt's a freak.
lt's a direwolf.
Tough old beast.
There are no direwolves
south of the Wall.
Now there are five.
You want to hold it?
Where will they go?
Their mother's dead.
They don't belong down here.
Better a quick death.
They won't last without their mother.
- Right. Give it here.
- No!
Put away your blade.
- l take orders from your father. not you.
- Please. Father!
l'm sorry. Bran.
Lord Stark?
There are five pups.
One for each of the Stark children.
The direwolf is the sigil of your house.
They were meant to have them.
You will train them yourselves.
You will feed them yourselves.
And if they die. you will bury them yourselves.
What about you?
l'm not a Stark.
Get on.
What is it?
The runt of the litter.
That one's yours. Snow.
As your brother.
l feel it's my duty to warn you...
you worry too much.
- lt's starting to show.
- And you never worry about anything.
When we were seven and you jumped off
the cliffs at Casterly Rock.
100-foot drop into the water...
you were never afraid.
There was nothing to be afraid of
until you told Father.
"We're Lannisters.
Lannisters don't act like fools."
- What if Jon Arryn told someone?
- But who would he tell?
My husband.
lf he told the king. both our heads would be
skewered on the city gates by now.
Whatever Jon Arryn knew or didn't know.
it died with him.
And Robert will choose
a new Hand of the King.
someone to do his job while he's off
fucking boars and hunting whores.
Or is it the other way around?
And life will go on.
You should be the Hand of the King.
That's an honor l can do without.
Their days are too long.
their lives are too short.
All these years.
and l still feel like an outsider
when l come here.
You have five northern children.
You're not an outsider.
l wonder if the old gods agree.
lt's your gods with all the rules.
l am so sorry. my love.
- Tell me.
- There was a raven from King's Landing.
Jon Arryn is dead.
A fever took him.
l know he was like a father to you.
- Your sister. the boy?
- They both have their health.
gods be good.
The raven brought more news.
The king rides for Winterfell...
with the queen and all the rest of them.
lf he's coming this far north...
there's only one thing he's after.
You can always say no. Ned.
We'll need plenty of candles
for Lord Tyrion's chamber.
- l'm told he reads all night.
- l'm told he drinks all night.
How much could he possibly drink?
A man of his...
stature?
We've brought up eight barrels of ale
from the cellar.
Perhaps we'll find out.
ln any case. candles.
Why is your mother so dead set on us
getting pretty for the king?
lt's for the queen. l bet.
l hear she's a sleek bit of mink.
l hear the prince is a right royal prick.
Think of all those southern girls he gets to stab
with his right royal prick.
Go on. Tommy. shear him good.
He's never met a girl he likes better
than his own hair.
Gods. but they grow fast.
Brandon!
l saw the king.
He's got hundreds of people.
How many times have l told you?
No climbing.
But he's coming right now. down our road.
l want you to promise me.
no more climbing.
l promise.
- Do you know what?
- What?
You always look at your feet
before you lie.
Run and find your father.
Tell him the king is close.
Where's Arya?
Sansa. where's your sister?
- Hey. hey. hey. hey.
- Oh.
What are you doing with that on?
Go on.
Move!
Your Grace.
You've got fat.
- Cat!
- Your Grace.
Nine years... Why haven't l seen you?
Where the hell have you been?
Guarding the North for you. Your Grace.
Winterfell is yours.
- Where's the lmp?
- Will you shut up?
Who have we here?
You must be Robb.
My. you're a pretty one.
Your name is?
Arya.
Oh. show us your muscles.
You'll be a soldier.
That's Jaime Lannister.
the queen's twin brother.
Would you please shut up?
My queen.
Take me to your crypt.
l want to pay my respects.
We've been riding for a month. my love.
Surely the dead can wait.
Ned.
Where's the lmp?
Where is our brother?
Go and find the little beast.
Tell me about Jon Arryn.
One minute he was fine and then...
burned right through him.
whatever it was.
l loved that man.
We both did.
He never had to teach you much.
but me? You remember me at 16?
All l wanted to do
was crack skulls and fuck girls.
- He showed me what was what.
- Aye.
Don't look at me like that.
lt's not his fault l didn't listen.
l need you. Ned.
down at King's Landing. not up here
where you're no damn use to anybody.
Lord Eddard Stark...
l would name you the Hand of the King.
l'm not worthy of the honor.
l'm not trying to honor you.
l'm trying to get you to run my kingdom
while l eat. drink and whore my way
to an early grave.
Damn it. Ned. stand up.
You helped me win the lron Throne.
now help me keep the damn thing.
We were meant to rule together.
lf your sister had lived.
we'd have been bound by blood.
Well. it's not too late.
l have a son.
you have a daughter.
We'll join our houses.
lt is true what they say
about the northern girls.
Did you hear the king's in Winterfell?
l did hear something about that.
And the queen and her twin brother.
They say that he is the most handsome man
in the Seven Kingdoms.
And the other brother?
- The queen has two brothers?
- There's the pretty one...
and there's the clever one.
Mmm...
l hear they call him the lmp.
l hear he hates that nickname.
Oh? l hear he's more than earned it.
l hear he's a drunken little lecher.
prone to all manner of perversions.
Clever girl.
We've been expecting you. Lord Tyrion.
Have you?
- Already?
- Oh!
The gods gave me one blessing.
- Don't get up.
- My lord.
Should l explain to you the meaning of
a closed door in a whorehouse. brother?
You have much to teach me. no doubt.
but our sister craves your attention.
She has odd cravings. our sister.
A family trait.
Now. the Starks are feasting us at sundown.
- Don't leave me alone with these people.
- l'm sorry. l've begun the feast a bit early.
And this is the first of many courses.
l thought you might say that.
But since we're short on time...
Come on. girls.
See you at sundown.
Close the door!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today